[MI-3812]: Added the test cases for UI of list of linked channels in RHS on MM. (#20)
Brightscout/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/plugins/ms-teams-sync/ui-integration/Slash_commands_linked_channel_list.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Updates in the list of linked channels with slash commands"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: ui-integration
authors: "@arush-vashishtha"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

> 1. Enter the slash command `/msteams link [msteams-teamID] [msteams-channelID]` in the unlinked channel on MM.

Reviewer: write the correct slash command everywhere, also put the variables under <>.

> 1. Enter the slash command `/msteams-sync link <msteams-teamID> <msteams-channelID>` in the unlinked channel on MM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Link an unlinked channel by running the slash command `/msteams-sync link <msteams-teamID> <msteams-channelID>` on MM.
```

2. Click on MS Teams sync plugin icon in App bar or channel header and open the RHS on MM.

**Step 2**

> 1. Enter the slash command `/msteams unlink` in the linked channel on MM.

Reviewer: After step 1, because we need to have atleast 1 channel linked

2. Click on MS Teams sync plugin icon in App bar or channel header and open the RHS on MM.

**Step 3**

1. Enter the slash command `/msteams unlink` in all the linked channels on MM
2. Click on MS Teams sync plugin icon in App bar or channel header and open the RHS on MM.

**Expected**

The user should be able to verify the linked channel in the list of linked channels in the RHS of MS Teams sync plugin on MM.

> After step 2, The unlinked channel should not be present in the list of linked channels in the RHS of MS Teams sync plugin on MM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After step 2, the desired channel unlinked should not be present in the list of linked channels in the RHS of MS Teams sync plugin on MM.
```

> After step 3, The user should be able to see the `Link a channel` button in the RHS of MS Teams sync plugin on MM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After step 3, the user should be able to see the `Link a channel` button in the RHS of MS Teams sync plugin on MM.
```

> After step 3, The user should be able to see the `Link a channel` button in the RHS of MS Teams sync plugin on MM.

Reviewer: Rephrase this as discussed.

**Step 1**

1. Link an unlinked channel by running the slash command `/msteams-sync link <msteams-teamID> <msteams-channelID>` on MM.
2. Click on MS Teams sync plugin icon in App bar or channel header and open the RHS on MM.

**Step 2**

1. Unlink an linked channel by running the slash command `/msteams-sync unlink` on MM.
2. Click on MS Teams sync plugin icon in App bar or channel header and open the RHS on MM.

**Step 3**

1. Unlink all linked channels by running the slash command `/msteams-sync unlink` in all linked channels on MM.

> 2. Click on MS Teams sync plugin icon in App bar or channel header and open the RHS on MM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Click on the MS Teams sync plugin icon in the app bar or channel header and open the RHS on MM.
```

Reviewer 2: fix everywhere
